so this is the old iPad Pro and this is
the brand new M4 iPad Pro and this is
magnet paper so a couple things to
notice there's obviously tons and tons
of little magnets arranged throughout an
iPad Pro when you get down to the side
here these little rectangular slot
shaped magnets I noticed on this new
iPad Pro again tons of magnets in lots
of the same places but over here on the
side they're bigger and uh more cubic
now but then famously these big ovals
are the quad speakers on the iPad Pro
you can see all four of them on the new
one which is thinner they've had to fit
these different big circular speaker
drivers and they're super super obvious
which I think means they're closer to
the top I actually think my favorite new
accessory is this new folio case which
has this like sliding angle of
adjustment so the way they did this very
cleverly was by adding these new stripe
magnets this big rail of magnets through
the back of this case having a single
magnet line up with that also in case
you're wondering here's an overlay of
all the magnets in the old iPad Pro
versus the new iPad Pro for science